CDDBScan is a simple interface to the online CDDB database (via http).
This module was written out of need, it's my first module and I'm easily
not an expert perl developer.  The basic idea is that you have one or more
files (mp3?) for which you don't know the artist, albums or other songs 
on the album.  This module can be used to determine these things.

FUTURE WORK

AVAILABILITY

The latest version of CDDBScan is available from the Comprehensive Perl
Archive Network (CPAN). To find a CPAN site near you see:

    http://www.perl.com/CPAN
                            ^ no slash here !!

INSTALLATION

In order to use this package you will need Perl version 5.002 or
better.  You install CDDBScan, as you would install any perl module
library, by running these commands:

   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install

If you want to install a private copy of CDDBScan in your home
directory, then you should try to produce the initial Makefile with
something like this command:

  perl Makefile.PL PREFIX=~/perl


The Makefile.PL program will start out by checking your perl
installation for a few packages that are recommended to be installed
together with CDDBScan.  These packages should be available on CPAN
(described above).

DOCUMENTATION

See ChangeLog for recent changes.  POD style documentation is included
in all modules and scripts.  These are normally converted to manual
pages and installed as part of the "make install" process.  You should
also be able to use the 'perldoc' utility to extract documentation from
the module files directly.

SUPPORT

Bug reports and suggestions for improvements can be sendt to me at
<dshultz@redchip.com>. 

This module has an option to output a debug transcript to STDERR.
When reporting bugs/problems please, if possible, include a transcript of a run.

COPYRIGHT

  © 1998-2000 David Shultz. All rights reserved.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself.

Share and Enjoy!

POSTFACE

My thanks go out to Graham Barr who's installation and configure files I
shamelessly copied and edited for this package.  My personal note to
Mr. Barr:  Your an inspuration me and those with whom I've worked. As
we say; "Your the shit".  